Linux no not Linux Linux am I right I just had it said differently for Josay, okay?
How do you how do you do things like that? How do you just be like hey creator of elixir come get on my on my twitch
Is that what you said? Yeah, basically. I actually wrote out the message while I was on stream. Um, wow
I guess yeah, I mean I just realized after it was so easy with him that it probably is with like literally anyone at this point
I mean, yeah, it's like people want to talk about their stuff
I mean, I know like when someone asked me to be on a podcast. I'm not like, I don't know
Is this a big podcast? I'm just like sure I'll talk about myself for an hour sounds fun
Yeah, what's crazy is the it ended up having a crazy impact on SSC because I didn't really put together
I mean, I I was generally aware of this but actually hearing him talk through every single thing. It was like
so apparent what an insane accomplishment that whole ecosystem is because I
Don't know there's anything comparable. That's gotten as big as quick or was as ambitious and
Has made its way into like literally every corner of the world
and also in some of the biggest
most intense like
Engineering efforts right like I don't know any of this you're gonna you're I think you think I have some context
But I don't know the story of Elixir at all. Oh, well
I mean just generally like one starting a new language is like insane like starting new language and getting people adopted is crazy
then building the
Core libraries around it then like the ecosystem and all the tooling is so it's a huge massive massive task into like
It's not something you can do progressively, right?
It's not like they can do a little bit get a little bit adoption do a little bit more get more adoption
It's like you kind of need all of it to get any so it's it's a much harder thing to do and
And you know like giant companies like discord use it to like run all their messaging and just like the most high-performance thing
So I didn't know that
Yeah, it's like it's like it's not this thing where I mean there's other comparable things that are there like
frameworks that are successful, but
it tends to be
For simpler things as opposed to like the most complex things and this like scales to both
So yeah, we we we end up talking a lot internally at SSC apps are worried about like what we can learn from their approach and
It's kind of like kind of shifted the way we think about I mean
It's like very practically shifted our roadmap a little bit
but then just more generally shifted the way we think about stuff because
Yeah, they pulled off like a moonshot for sure and again, it's it's just
It's obvious when I think about it, but it doesn't feel that way because you know just another language
But yeah, well what can you name like one other language that's come out in the past ten years that has gotten big without
like something like someone like Google behind it. It's a
Really uncommon for like a random person of a small team to pull that off. Yeah, I didn't really know any of that
I mean, I just seemed it'd been around. I don't know. I know it's it's story. Yeah, that was cool
I use a lickser by the way. I mean sometimes I mean we've seen how you use a look to
Alex use a little way where you're like I am never gonna write like certain my life again
so true
Yeah, it's not really an insult to your lecture skills. It's just just an observation my mentality coming in it's like this is
This is not a thing. I'm gonna do long term. Yeah
It's funny. I'm feeling much better next I realized the last time it was the last one we recorded where I was kind of unhinged
I think they just Chris just edited so I just got to listen to it
Uh, well, just the first bit. I didn't listen the whole thing. It's like an hour long. So there's that let's not do that today
That'd be great. Yeah. Well, what do you like adjust your?
The substances you're consuming the coffee everything. Yeah, no, it's so like just taking all the substances out of it
Like regardless of what I take all I have to do. It's a simple formula. Really. I'm such a tech tech valley. Whatever bro
That silicon valley whatever, you know what I mean? Like tech bro tech bro is the word I was looking for tech valley
Uh all I have to do is get in the sauna for about 20 minutes cold plunge
Do about 40 minutes of grounding
And what's the hell is grounding
I was waiting for it, uh, you know like touching the earth with your bear skin
Letting the the earth's what's the word polarity? No, uh chart electric charge. I don't know
It's got a negative charge and we down or something and this is like science. It's actually science
It's not like a pseudo science. What does this physically look like? Like you are just lying down just like standing in the grass bare feet
No, no, like I went for a walk in our meadow down below our house. This sounds like a fairy tale
Wow went for a walk in the meadow
Uh for like 40 minutes and wait with your bare feet. Yeah, yeah bare feet because your shoes are rubber. They're not conductive
So you ladies describing going outside? Uh, yes, but
Okay
I see what you just said
I go outside. Okay. Look at this tan. I go outside
But now I do it barefoot like a hobbit and I just walk around in the grass
It's really there's science. There's actually science behind it
It sounds so ludicrous
And especially when you combine this when you're like I do it the sauna. I do a cold plunge. I ground
You just kind of start sounding like a hippie
But I'm telling you my mental health never been better. So I've been doing the last few days. Nice exercising
All the things people say you should do and I'm always like whatever
I'm fine and then I go off the rails and like oh, I'm probably not fine. I should do all these things
There's very high maintenance. I'm very hot. You said that in the last one
I just heard you say that to me and now you're saying is this a thing you're trying to really nail home?
Did I say in the last one? I feel like the first time I was ever saying this to you
I just heard you say your eye maintenance. I'm pretty sure
Maybe it was my dreams last night. Maybe it wasn't the podcast. I don't know. I mean whatever works for you
Is good. I know you don't mean that. What do you what do you mean?
I do mean you got a smirk on your face when you said whatever works for you
I'm high maintenance. Okay, you should try it next. No, it's just things. Look, I don't
It's just funny because
People are gonna hear the I need to go in a sauna every day
The one that I have in my house like
To keep maintain my mental health
Uh, I just know how that's gonna be spun and I'm just excited to see that. It's gonna be spun
Listen, I have a sauna. I have a sauna. It's true. All I need not to go crazy is to have a sauna
I I mean, honestly, I think uh, I don't know how people who don't have the means to do some of the things I can do
How they survive in this digital age. I just my brain would be I would just be struggling
Or maybe just like if I were worried about survival, I wouldn't be struggling
Huh
Maybe that's my problem is I don't have to think about survival anymore
And what do we do when we don't have to think about survival? That's a big big question
big philosophical question a common reaction that
Was years from me all the time whenever I hear certain things is uh, the world's gotten too easy
Yeah, because sometimes I'm just like people
Get so upset by certain things where I'm like
If your life was a little bit harder, I probably might it might be better because you wouldn't be obsessing over xyz things
I think it's true actually. I think there's a curve. It's like you don't want to be like really fighting for survival
That's obviously really hard, but then you get to like a sweet spot and then if it gets too much easier
You have new problems. It's like board problems or just like
Problems of it's a mental thing. It's I think this is probably documented somewhere someone in a health journal or whatever is probably
Documented the effect of not having not having to actually like fight for anything and just like sort of having it pretty easy
I fight for things every day, man. I don't know what you're talking about. I know you do
I know you do for the the truth of serverless
Is that yeah? What what drives you dax because like you you're not worried about survival
What what gets you out of bed every day to be completely honest? I just really love money
Okay, that's fair. That that really is just a I want more and more
part of it
and
That that provides the fights and
Yeah, like the motivation and the energy
So 20 years from now dax has accumulated like let's call it tens of millions
What are you doing with your money? I'm just curious what you want to like do you have like do you want to own part of a sports team?
Like what are your like rich person goals? Like everybody has something that they want
What do you want someday? I think the problem is people like me
Typically don't have a crazy answer to that
I uh, I mean you want the money. It's not that you want a thing. You want the money itself
I just like the
Security and
The optionality that having more more money brings
As opposed to like I want this very specific thing. I mean there's there's general stuff, right? Like I
Uh, we saw those before like I love my neighborhood. I want to one day build a house here
Um, let's give a very tangible thing. That's not like crazy out of reach. That's just like
I don't know just like not not have my life is set up right now to do that
That'll probably happen the most of the things I like
Tangibly want or nothing crazy. Like I'm not sitting here like wanting a yacht. Sure most of the stuff I want is like
You know like one level up like nothing too crazy. I probably will get it at some point in my life like nothing insane
Anything beyond that like I don't really feel the urge to like own
Like a sports team or like anything insane like that. But yeah
I guess it's less about the money and more about just like being able to like do bigger and bigger things with with my work
Uh, there's like a range of things I can do now because I need to balance
Some chance of success of me practically being able to do it
With it being ambitious
And at some point I don't have to worry so much about the
This needs to be successful because if it's not like no like that impacts my life or career
Um, so I'm just excited about
having enough wealth to then like do
Things that I thought like what kind of outer reach if that makes sense. Okay, like
Making a game with me
Great transition
Okay, wait, I want I want to set I want to set uh, well, yes that it's funny because
Almost literally yes that because I've thought about this very very clearly
Um
Adam messaged me yesterday and he goes
He was asking about something about rust and I was like what is this for and he's like, I don't want to tell you
Like why not?
Like I'm going to make fun of you because like you're going to make fun of me for like another project that i'm starting
And I just kept saying
Tell me at some point adam says
Okay, but you have to promise how to make fun of me. I replied to that saying tell me I didn't say
Yes, I would or like no, okay. Okay, promise will make fun of you
I just said tell me and then you assumed that was me agreeing
And then you told me the project, but yeah, you can you can share you can share your thoughts now
Yeah, so it's not a project. I'm starting right now. I want to be very clear
This is like it really is kind of like if I ever retired. This is the kind of thing I want to do
Uh, so it's kind of a thing. I've always had in the back of my mind
But it's just never like you said it's just like a thing that I would pour so much time into and there's no
Like guarantee that would ever see the light of day or have any success
So it's hard to like in the middle of your prime so to speak
Spend your time on something like that, but I've always wanted to make a game and specifically saw as a kid
My brother and I would play a game called earthbound
And it was this game that was made in japan. Oh, you know, you're you're nodding
It's kind of obscure
But like you seem like you would know things like what earthbound?
I only know because of you because you've referenced it a bunch. I looked it up. Okay, so uh, it was this game in japan
It's sort of like uh
Made by people from japan about america like the game is set in america
And it's sort of like a caricature of america like almost like overly
Stereotype to be funny
Uh, it's just it's really it's just a fun game. It's like a top-down 2d pixel art kind of game eight bit
Uh, but it it was like it has this cult following right?
It's just like you just kind of fell in love with the characters and the story and the whatever
I'm that guy like I like to play the game for the story
Uh, but it's very retro. Anyway, I've always wanted to make a game with that style where you can just like dump so much
Stuff into it in terms of like yeah pop culture references
They do that a lot and so like obviously I would make it
Thematically like the character is a software developer because that's the world I know and it's sort of like
Everything is themed around that. Uh, but then I also wanted to be like
Massively online where you've got people from all over playing together and and you mentioned something that I've thought about so much
Which is like being able to have your own little spot on the map and like it's such a vast
Well, you know map that you can everyone can kind of like own parts of it and and build a house or whatever
Uh, it's so nerdy to say it out loud now typing it felt so much better
No, no, it's not. Okay, so let me tell you something that you don't know, uh, so
That that second half away just described. Um, so years ago, so this is a concept that I've wanted forever where
Uh, and this comes from like my days building stuff in the Minecraft space
I was like it was kind of like a natural progression of this
To me and my friend tried to build this thing
It actually it didn't work out mostly because I just couldn't get my life together enough to focus on it
So he was fairly decent at like 3d 3d stuff. Yeah, so he like designed like a really beautiful
Like world with mountains and rivers and lakes
Uh, and the idea is it's a fixed single thing. We're gonna cut it up into plots
And you can go online and like purchase a plot and it's yours forever
Um, and we had all these ideas around like adding more assets and things to the games that were all limited in scope
Like we might like put, you know, uh, like I started to have a car in the game
But there's only like three of it and we didn't we didn't figure out like how you would claim it
Like there might be like different events things people would win them and from then on only three people ever have it
It can you know people can exchange it and it can trade
Um, we're gonna move around people move around through different owners
And I just love this idea of having this like world so they get built by the people
That are living in it
And, uh, at the time there was a company I actually looked them up this morning after a conversation yesterday called, uh,
Improbable
I think unfortunately they've pivoted away from this but there I there
Their product was like an mmo back end as a service basically so
They would connect to like they had adapters like unity and unreal
But basically they had like a few primitives of like
Events and then like entities and you can like take an entity and like connect it to their system and it would live
And like the physics of it would be simulated and that would be synced across everyone and they would basically work on how do we make it?
So a thousand people 10,000 people can be in this world at once
And you just focus on like the fun and portion of it. Uh, I think they're they're still kind of going
They like pivoted now and if you go to the website, they're like we're the metaverse company
So I don't know exactly what they're doing anymore
Uh, but I did realize later like this actually was too ambitious to do it in 3d
The magic of it is more the creativity and like the social aspect of it
Like this could have been just as good
Executed well in 2d would have been way less effort. Um, we could have like cranked out way more assets
and uh, you know, it can be way more accessible can be delivered in like a web experience
As opposed to like you need like a really good gaming pc to run. So when you describe that I was like
Oh, that sounds very similar to the dream thing. I've always wanted
Yeah, there's all kinds of other little tidbits of things that I've dreamt up in this
But I just I love the idea of having this kind of canvas
Of in terms of like a creative outlet. It seems like the ultimate like you could just put so much
Uh, you know like things that you dream up easter eggs and just things that I don't know
It just it's very exciting. I think it'd be cool as a developer
Uh, if this game were sort of like themed
In that way that there's like an emulator and there's actually ways you could not like you have to be a programmer to play the game
But like there's some like mini game kind of interaction where you're actually
Writing some code for something. I don't know. Did you see the rooms that xyz thing?
No, I saw you mentioned rooms in discord. I didn't know what you're talking about. I was going to ask you
Yeah, so if you look at it, uh
It's probably
More on the thing that I'm describing versus yours, which is like a mix of like a game and just like a sandbox but
Uh, basically you can make a room in rooms at xyz and they have like a whole
Simplified way of like
Writing code to make it stuff interactive and you can design your own room and like wow
People have built like little mini games in there
Um
But for me, like I love this concept. Yeah, it's it's so cool and it's so simple and that the style is great
Um, it's all delivered through web. I think
and
Yeah, I love this concept, but I also want the feeling of like a physical
Persistent like world that you can explore and these rooms are in like physical places in that world and you have to go to and
Yeah, it'd be so cool if like
We could all just like visit each other and like and and do all this yeah same stuff
We do on twitter but just in like a different different format
I think delivery through web is critical because it's it needs to be like easy to use
Yeah, so in my dream scenario, like it's a reason to learn rust
You build it and it runs and wasm in the browser
There's already like a pretty great rust game engine for they do 3d stuff too
But they do everything that we need to do in 2d in terms of sprites and everything else
Yeah, and then like in terms of the massively multiplayer back end stuff
Rust at the edge you could just write the whole thing in rust because yeah, I know you like to use the same language
On the front and the back end that's really important to you
Uh, so instead of typescript, it's just all rust and you've shipped rust in production. So you're already. Oh, yeah, it's true
Uh, yeah, and I thought there's so many like recent innovations that make some of those easier like you imagine
Like you want like a character creator thing and you obviously want like
Like millions of combinations of what people can do and with all those ais stuff
I know if you can like generate like you can a thousand hats and like a thousand
Yeah, like shirts pixel art. I didn't realize how prevalent it is in the AI image gen stuff
Like people are doing pixel art generation like crazy if you just scroll through mid-journey channels
Like you can find just search
In mid-journey discord you can you can see all kinds of stuff people are creating and so it does like maybe it doesn't do everything
Maybe it inspires a lot of the stuff you would do by hand. Yeah, I'm sure it's some mix
But it does seem like it could accelerate what like a small team could do and what you could crank out in terms of like
The scale if you really want to make something large
Yeah, and not have a whole team of people making pixel art
Yeah, I think it's really interesting to think about the AI overlap right now particularly
The other thing I was also interested in as I was wondering kind of like if you've played the sims they have like
Kind of scripted scenarios that can happen that are like random enough that it feels somewhat natural
But I was like, I wonder if you can use AI to generate like a complex scenario of like
This person is have like if you have AI characters in the world
Yeah
This person's gonna have a party and they're gonna invite these five people and then like this drama is gonna unfold and kind of AI
Just completely generate that dynamically. It would yeah, it would be it would feel like way more alive than any other
World you've had before yeah, I've thought about that a lot it kind of helps with like the the cold start problem too
If you sort of like AI you had AI generated characters that aren't just NPCs
but like other players
As you're kind of growing and trying to fill out the the game. Yeah, I I think like that as NPC dialogue
I mean there's so many opportunities to inject some of this new technology into it and make it better
I don't know. I'm excited. I think it's a thing. I would love to do someday
Yeah, it is really cool. I just love little thing little sandbox is allow for like emergent
emergent stuff to come out of it. There's a
I have a funny little story. So
A few years ago for my uh, my brothers on my birthday where coincidence my friends don't want to dinner then they all came over
And I was like hey, I heard about this new thing not new thing. It's been around for a while, but I just heard about it
It's called a grand theft auto role play. So
Uh, there's basically these like modded custom
servers for grand theft auto 5
Uh where it's like the same game, but they like injected all this
these
Restrictions limitations and they've extended the game a bunch
And the concept is like it's hyper hyper realistic and people live entire lives in there like
Someone will play as a police officer and they just spend hours
Like pulling people over giving them tickets, but like not in like a video game way like a very realistic way where they're like
Yeah, it wouldn't do things that they wouldn't just like roundly start shooting people because that's like against the spirit of the role
Play and you get banned if you start to like break the immersion
Yeah, and so we tried it and for two and it was insane like I don't think we tried it a bunch of times, but
That first session was crazy like played out like three episodes of breaking bad
It was like we like found these people and they were trying to like do this drug deal and we joined them and they like
Then like there's really sketchy dude walked up that was supposed to be with them
And we're really like nervous about the whole thing and they eventually end up betraying us
and then we tried to like get them back and
Just all this crazy drama like unfolded in a very very hyper realistic way and I and I did
We did this thing for a couple of weeks
And I realized like oh the metaverse concept is already here
The fidelity is very low like it's like just like a hacky thing built on top of
Grand Theft Auto, but people were 100 percent in character like living full lives with backstories and all this stuff
And I was like this is actually what the metaverse is and it's it already exists
The obsession with like VR and like pushing that stuff without having like the magic of
A world that feels alive
That part's like irrelevant. So I feel like you can you can do that even with like a very low fidelity even if it's just
Yeah, yeah pixel art. Yep. No, I'm sold
I told you in discord like not a big ambitious project, but I lied
I mean, I just said that because I didn't want you to make fun of me
I mean, it's a big ambitious project. Just like any other project
You know who has like low ambition projects. That's not a thing, right?
It's definitely one of the things I would love to do if again, I'm super rich. I can just spend all my time. Yeah, making this
Something like so goals. That's what's gonna drive us. We're gonna make a lot of money decks so we can
Build a game to someday. Okay. It's a cool idea though
Yeah, thanks. I mean, yeah, cool idea. You hit you. Is that is that nest character from smash?
Yeah, he's from earthbound. He's from earthbound. Yeah. Okay. This is the main main character of earthbound
Anyone who
Played earthbound loves earthbound and they're very excited to hear this in this episode right now
It's a very tight knit group. I remember the it's like hard to find the box and like strategy guide
They had this really great strategy guide. It came in the box
Well that you could maybe buy without it
I don't know but like this bundle that came with all of it
And they were really hard to find or they are really hard to find today
I think they're very expensive
But I can remember when they had them like on sale at best buy for like half off or something and my brother bought like five of them
Because they were just like sitting on the shelf. This was like 15 years ago
I don't know if he still has them, but I'm pretty sure you can sell them for a lot now
Yeah, I've seen pictures of the game. It looks really like
Definitely like it's a really pleasant. I think it's a word. I would describe it's uh, like the style
It feels like like cozy and like nice. Yeah, it's very quirky. The humor is just it's very unique
I don't know you can play it like on ROMs. I think we've like played it on the pc before
Anyway, that's earthbound. I try it
Yeah, I feel like the that whole like 2d like semi 3d to like that rooms xyz like it's technically 3d
But it's like low. It's like yeah, I know what you're saying. I'm looking at it here
Yeah, I think that that format has a lot of potential. Oh you were talking about kind of like you don't have these like
Giant it's like one level up not giant aspirations. Honestly, we feel like
One with me. I have kids like you don't want to move. You just don't want to like
Disrupt them. We did it once and we just never want to move again
So we're just kind of like settled into our lifestyle and we really feel like I mean
There's little things like we want to put some money into landscaping or like just different things like creating some spaces in our backyard
that we enjoy like there's things we'll put like
low dollar amounts relatively
But there's not like a big thing anything really that we want for that like we would change our lives like
Ultimately, we're just kind of like at a place where if we could just maintain this lifestyle for the rest of our lives
We're happy and that totally changes everything psychology wise like now. It's just kind of like
I don't know. Yeah, I don't like just like not working. I did that for a bit
Uh, I mean maybe like six months when I started streaming doing all that stuff
And that starts to wear on your mind like when you're just kind of poking around and not driven by anything
Uh, but it does change like the psychology of money when you kind of reach that point and you're just content with your lifestyle
You're not gonna be like chasing
Bigger and better all the time. Uh, I don't know kids helped for me to get there. I don't know where I'm going with this
I'm realizing I have no way to land this point. But did I make a point? Was that a point? I don't even know
No, I I think that makes sense. I think for me. It's like we're close to that point
I mean we could I think for me. It's like there's different ways for me to get to that point. There's
Ways that I don't I'm not gonna enjoy I can just go find a job that pays the most amount of money possible
And I'm sure I can have a good crazy life. So doing that
And there's ways where I do want to do it like by you know owning businesses that make money. That's like the ideal
Yeah, but yeah, I think I don't think I'm far from that when I neither direction like you know one of those options will work out
But yeah, so like for the tangible world like I don't I really don't uh
Like I said, I'm similar to you. I don't want to think that that insane
But I still and like the thing you said though, the thing that's relevant is
I know I want to work a lot my whole life. Yeah, so for me. It's more around
The money helps me like make that more interesting or shape it in the way that that I want it to be
Uh, because I'll go somewhere to you. I'll go crazy if I don't work
Yeah, I honestly don't even I haven't even considered like the concept of not working because it doesn't even make sense to me
Like that's how like
It's just not for me. That is
So yeah, I just want to like be able to do crazier and crazier things with with my work
The rest of my life like yeah, it doesn't take a lot to feel like resettled and uncomfortable and good
At least for me one of the struggles for us right now is just trying
We want to figure out a way for Casey
to also have like a creative pursuit and
And just with the kids and trying to like balance
both of our
Days, I don't know. It's a it's a challenge, but we've got some ideas
I mean, we've we've talked about some ways little side businesses things. I mean you've got you did it right
You just like co-founded a company with your wife
I mean, I guess with no kids it's a little easier, but it's funny though because we had
We were talking about like a similar challenge, but like another direction
I was actually after we hung with you guys that we realized this but
the list works on two businesses and that's like almost a hundred percent of
What she thinks about and we realized at some point. Oh, she has like no
Like non-work hobby or escape from that not that you didn't escape from that
But if I think about myself, I'm like, yeah, I spent a lot of time working
But I also spent a lot of time like a lot of my work overlaps with a bunch of social stuff
Like yeah, I mean things like this or like interacting with people online and like there's like a bunch of like
It's not exactly work. That's like a bunch of other social stuff where the primary goal is into like push a business forward
Uh, and I realized like oh, yeah, I get that almost by accident
So I take it for granted if I didn't have those I probably would be like in a sports league or doing other stuff
Uh, and we realized for Liz like oh, she's actually not
She lives that part of her life is missing and like I think case you talking about like the volleyball stuff she does
I realized like oh, yeah, like that's a whole thing like you need to
Have stuff like that. Uh, so now is like just just realize like she's missing that um and she loves
Uh like agriculture stuff. So she's actually gonna go
Uh, she's volunteering on like a farm that's nearby
Uh, she loves food and she loves growing it preparing it everything end to end. Yeah
So yeah, it's like
That part is important too. I think not having that was like indirectly driving her crazy in in a few ways
Yeah, it's so easy like for us
To not realize that's a thing. It's just like blends so much with our work
I mean the the lines between work and hobby and interests and
I don't know. It's all kind of like a big and then yeah, the being online on twitter and whatever else making twitch stuff
Yeah, yeah, it's fun. Like the social part of it. It's
It's almost something of the setup to like deliver social things into your life. It's kind of like yeah setting up anything else in your life
Uh, yeah, I realized like yeah, you know
Like maybe once or twice a month someone I know from online is like stopping by in Miami and I get to like
Hang out with them for a little bit. And that's just something that happens automatically
Uh, so you see to have things in your life that like funnel new people to you or just funnel a group of people to you
Otherwise, it's like yeah, if you don't have that
It's it's really hard and you don't you normally get that through building a business because building a business usually
A very lonely thing for a very very long time. So yep
Yeah, that's kind of phase that she's in with with the thing that she's working on
Only once a month you only get people coming into Miami like once a month
I'm probably like every week here and the other side something like that people coming to branson. They want to go on the lake, you know
Anyone ever come to the Ozarks that you know
Don't think so has anyone ever been like or what about like Missouri? Like the whole state this week
It's so crazy. You said that casey casey dc case canvas city developer conference is
Wednesday, it's like wednesday through friday and I saw dev is like road tripping to kansas city
We were gonna go to kansas city this week like not even kidding
We were gonna go we still might like at the end of the way it'd be like friday and saturday
uh
but like
People I know are gonna be in kansas city. That's missouri. Well, it's also kansas
It's both it straddles the line kansas city dev conference. Is that what you said?
Yeah kc dc
Oh, how big is it like other people this is for people in kansas city? I don't know. I mean dev's coming
He's not from kansas city. He's road tripping with friends. He's bringing multiple developer friends like a conference pro
He has been at some conferences dev has
The clirk team they represent they've got the table if you've seen the pictures like they do the little dinner
They've got people at a table about every week. Well, I know I know clirk does that but i'm saying separate from clirk
I feel like dev's just been uh
He likes I haven't met anyone that's just like so loved conferences
I feel like he just goes to every he's found every opportunity ever to go to like a conference
And he's been to so many i've been to two i've been to two. Yeah
same
Yeah, I mean they are fun. Totally get it. They are. Yeah, no, I mean it was fun
There were very different experiences to go from reinvent to in my case render and i'm sure react my ami same for you
Not the same as reinvent but they were both fun in different ways. I feel like render next year is going to be even
Like super insane. I feel they generated so much hype this year
Yeah, and it I remember somebody saying it's like three years. They've done it like the numbers
How they've like doubled each each year. I mean it's grown a lot. So yeah, if it doubles again, it's gonna be bananas
It was already pretty crazy. You know, I would definitely love to get into doing that like hosting
some kind of event
Uh on a yearly basis. Oh rival react my ami
You should start solid my ami
SSC Miami
Here's my here's my worry
Do you remember fire festival as that the one where there's a documentary about it or something?
Yeah, yeah, we're like it's not the same as burning man fire burning different things
Okay similar name, but now like basically super hyped complete disaster like just
The level of organization it would have taken to deliver on the hype. We're just like way beyond what the creator could do
Yeah
I'm worried that's that's a path. I would go down
But you lean into it. Just like the it's like the between two nerds thing
You just like make it the fact that it's bad is funny
And like that's the whole point that traveled and paid money to go there
Are gonna find it super funny. They're like, okay. This is this funny like I think all of you
What a good break
but I know I'm definitely in type of person to get ahead of myself with a lot of that stuff and
So here's the thing the other day. I'm a software engineer. If you're a software engineer, you are you're
The thing you're constantly trained into like I'll just ship it
We can fix any issues that come out after so you're constantly like shipping stuff like half done and like you just
Then that's good. Like you you can like you would build the whole workflow around that where something like an event
It's all about like a lot of upfront
Perfection and like delivering it all in one shot, which I feel like it's the entire opposite of half
I'm going to gloss over so many details that that end up mattering
So I'm always impressed by a lot of these events when they're not complete disasters
I don't think I'm suited to actually run one render went really well
I can imagine the amount of preparation. You just get the sense like all the people in staff shirts
Like that was a lot of coordinating a lot of people to pull something off
Uh, yeah, it's very different from software development. That's good point
I mean unless you were like doing like waterfall development at Microsoft like 20 years ago
Exactly that
Because it's gonna ship in a box. That's like a printed box and it's got a CD in there and if you don't get it right
It's that's what all engineering is like except for software engineering, which is why software engineering is like a complete different kind and not like
Quote-unquote real engineering because that's a good point. Like you got to get a bridge right
You don't get like multiple iterations of a bridge
I heard a bridge just collapsed. Oh, sorry like a philadelphia bridge. I want to say nobody was hurt
Do you did you hear about this a bridge collapse really in philadelphia like a major interstate or something?
It was like that's really scary national emergency because of like logistics
Oh, yeah, I just ripped everything. Yeah. Yeah, the collapsing thing is crazy
My I think I told you about this last time but my ami has just like had a phase of really poor
Building practices and a bunch of stuff has collapsed in the last 10 years
Ooh from that and then you got the day floods which everyone's just like this is fine
Just flirting a little bit in the day. What are day floods?
Why do you told me about day floods?
You did didn't you what do what they call them like in my ami when the streets are just filled with water one day
And you're like oh the ocean's just pouring into the streets. It's okay. We're fine
This is this is a flood. I don't think I use a word day because if i think i'm sitting there in a day is not
A little bit. Yeah, okay. There was another word attached. Maybe it wasn't day floods
But it was like I think I was calling them
Those silly little floods that are happening in my ami because the ocean is right. Yeah, there's a part of my ami that like just
Gets the every single time it rains heavily. It's just they're just like a little lake that forms
Um, and it's it's not like in a random spot. It's like in the
City like center with all the tallest buildings and I don't understand why people will continue to live there
Has this been like recent development or has it always been that way that that part of my ami is weird
It's it's below sea level
Uh, and they've built a ton of really tall buildings there
So a lot of people have moved there recently. So yeah, I don't know how long the flooding's been but now there are a lot more people there
Yeah, I think more people are aware of it
Uh where I am weirdly enough there's there's that uh
It's like a website
I don't know what it is, but they basically you put in your address and they like try to like figure out all the climate change risk
Weirdly enough. I'm like basically a zero for flood risk. What from where where my house physically is. It's like very let's not zero. It's like a
It's not it's like basically irrelevant the flooding. Well, have you seen the maps the bad case scenarios of florida where florida doesn't exist anymore?
Have you seen those maps? I'd say you're a risk and that's when I'm dead
50 years you died in 50 years. That's what I had seen. I'm not saying in 50 years. I'm going to be a detached body floating in space
just a brain
What
Is that a thing someone's working on that don't you hope it's a thing? I know
Uh, or maybe I don't a detached head floating in space
So you would just be looking at space all the time and you don't need anything out your body would just continue to live
How's this well space only if the earth is screwed?
Ideally, my physical form is no longer relevant. Oh, okay
Oh, you mean like your consciousness like sort of like sucked out of your brain and put into some digital device that lives forever
I might as well be in space because I wanted to see if there's alien. So might as well shoot me in a direction
Oh, just any direction. Just what are the odds? I mean you've got you've got a chance eventually. I'm gonna find something
There's a chance
So you're saying there's a chance
Zuko you need to calm down. Okay, Zuko the the playing
Don't make daddy get stern
Let's keep his dropping him off every single time
Then recording
It's fine bad timing
Yeah, detached head consciousness live forever floating into space find aliens who can maybe restore my body
Oh
Aliens with very advanced technology like there are aliens, right?
We've just we can just accept that there are definitely aliens in this infinite universe
I really hope so
I don't think they've ever been to earth, but
No, and I don't think there's any chance where we're gonna really like connect with them
But I just feel like out there with that much stuff out there
Surely there are aliens
You know, it's a really creepy concept that I thought of a while ago
Uh, because okay, there was a situation where we were looking at a star and there was a weird debris around the star
And there's a star that was like, I don't know 10 light years away or something. I don't remember what it is
So basically and possibly far for 10 10 light years. Yeah, that's not very far at all
I think that's pretty close
Well, like in terms of us being able to literally travel there like we can't do that
I'm being 10 years at the speed of light. That's doable. It's within a human life thing
Do you know how to travel the speed of light?
Once you got a travel speed of light, maybe it's not okay
Okay, so we saw this thing and someone was like and obviously wasn't this but someone would theorize like what if it was a
Dyson sphere and just if you're not aware a dyson sphere is like a theoretical device that
It would go around the it would go around a star and capture all the energy of the star and people theorize that
Eventually as civilization gets more advanced they would eventually start building these dyson spheres because they would
You know, but they will want to capture all the energy of of these energy sources
So we could theoretically look for dyson spheres and that would be signs that
Okay, there's if there are aliens that are advanced theoretically we would find these
Someone was like, okay, maybe it is it is one of those when we were observing this debris
And I was like, that's so creepy because what if we got absolute confirmation it was that
All we can do is go about our day and then know that that thing is there and we would know for sure that aliens there
We'd have no way to contact them. We'd have no way to
You know, actually go there or find anything
I guess we could contact them because we could send a message and we would get a reply back in in 20 years theoretically
If they also can only come to get a speed of light
Um
But like yeah, we would just have to go like nothing would change none like none of life would change
But we would have defended a proof that like we know there are some things
Yeah over there, but we just never find out there's no way for us to find out anything more
And that's like a very creepy concept. I'm wondering if that's actually
Gonna be what happens at some point like we'll eventually be able to detect
Like proof, but there's just nothing that it really does for us. Like I can't change everything. Yeah
I mean to me. I don't need the proof. I just I'm pretty confident like
There's other life out there. You know, I think so too. I think probability wise
I hope I find out for sure though. I need to know well. I'm telling you. I mean i'm telling you for sure there is
So there you go. What do they look like on them?
Oh, it doesn't that there's all kind I bet there's plan. I bet there's places with dinosaurs. Something it looks like
probably
I mean there's so much like commonality
It the like all the different laws or whatever of physics sort of put constraints on the way life develops that it's all pretty similar
like
I don't know
There's a book
My kids have it kids have this book
Uh, it's not about aliens
But there's at one page where there's alien dropping off this person
Anyway, the alien has like two butts or like three cheeks and I just think that's so funny
Like why would you have that third middle cheek? But it's like why wouldn't you? I don't know
I mean even on earth there's some like really weird looking
Life
Oh for sure like underwater
I wonder I always wonder like what if there we see aliens there's like so disgusting like you just look at them
You want to vomit like what if that's just maybe a movie sometimes kind of make it look that way?
Yeah
That would be weird. I would be weird. I know I hope I know I want to see a picture
Tell me a picture of an alien if you heard about like the the like milky way as an island like because the universe is expanding
There's some point in the very distant future like we can't even see the other galaxies. Isn't that wild?
Yeah, the observable universe everything is going further away
And so they better shoot you real fast
If you're going to be out in space and you want to see anything else
I know that then you go down the whole like entropy thing and how everything is going to stop
At some point and that's really freaky wait. What?
Everything is going to stop say it again
All right more words
Well like any energy that you expend like you just lifting your arm
Yeah, the energy is gone forever like you got it from some source. Uh-huh and you just spent it
And some of it could be recaptured, but not a hundred percent of it. So over time
Paul energy in the universe goes away. Oh, um, that's depressing everything would just stop
I thought energy couldn't be destroyed. Isn't there like a law of something about that matter can be created or destroyed
Yeah, well, it's does it matter? Oh, yeah
It's the point is like you can't like you can't plug in a circuit into us
Or you can't plug in a generator into a generator and have it like uh like infinite energy like some of his losses
He lives until his losses. Yeah
Uh, there's an insanely insanely insanely good is one of the things that we would listen on our drives
Uh, it's not a short story. It's a little bit long than a short story
Um called exhalation. It's by Ted Chiang. He also wrote a rival, which is like a fantastic book and movie
Uh, okay
And he describes this
Universe or this world where everyone's kind of a robot and the robots only understand how they work
and
They go just like humans didn't understand how we worked and we eventually like dissected ourselves and figured it out
and they eventually find out that they're
powered by
like
Like air pressure basically like pneumatics. Mm-hmm
And that's like a big discovery, but then they slowly realize that the pressure of their world is decreasing
So they're starting to run slower and slower and it's written
Super super well and you realize at the end of it. It's like an analogy for this concept of entropy
Uh where everything is just gonna like slow down at some point and it's so well
It's like one of the most fantastic like one of the concepts is amazing
The writing itself is so good. Like Liz describes it as like there wasn't one extra word
In in the whole book everything. That's good. Absolutely perfect. It's gonna masterpiece
Yeah, yeah, it explains this concept really why it is very depressing but like beautiful and like deep
Yeah, no, I'm I'm interested. I don't read a lot of books. Like I listened to it for sure. Yeah, we listened to it
Okay, we listened to it. Yeah, we read it. It's on audible. Yeah, I think so
Okay, please DM me the name of that. I'd love to I've got credits. I've got some credits just sitting around, you know
I have so many audible credits. I'm always a build up and I'm always like Liz
Like do you need a book because I never listened audio books and we have it's like a benefit from our
Amex like we use the audible benefit
So
I'm always giving her my credits and I'm always expiring
I'm like Liz like just pick any book like like an expiring but she she listens to a ton
Yeah, I don't I listen on walks. I don't get to 12
But usually three or four credits build up and I can go on a spree and and spend them on it
You might be the same but she's got like every single achievement unlocked
In the I've got a bunch of them. Yeah, I've actually spent active time trying to complete one of them where you have to like check your
Listen time so many times you get an achievement for you
I'm like actually spent time trying to get audible achievements, which is super stupid but
The master piece thing real quick and we should probably get off here. I guess the the book masterpiece reminded me of this thing
I saw
It's been like a few months ago probably but it was just like game genie book or maybe not
Some kind of like cheat codes book where they wrote like the person who wrote it
Like every line has the same number of characters or something crazy like that
Like it makes this perfect block like every page is like
It's just insane feet that I just can't believe and it's some weird genre like game hacks or something
But it's like this masterpiece people have dissected it decided to take this other history
It's got this wild
I gotta find the exact reference because I feel like I'm botching it
But it's something like that where like literally the amount of painstaking effort they had to put in
To write this thing in that way just blows the mind and for what it seems like something you would do it does
It's kind of my thing. I like monotony and like just like rolling time and things. I do you live in the Ozarks
It's one of my favorite things like kasey will there'll be some task we have to do that's just like scraping something off of a huge surface
And it's like she can't spend five minutes to just drive your crazy
I go give it to me and I just sat there the rest of the day like I love
Just playing monotony that like there's nothing to get excited about but it's something about it
Just soothes my soul. I can definitely relate to this because I often enjoy
Refactoring tasks and code that are really like brain dead tasks
It's like I decided to move all these files into its sub folder
So I need to go fix all the imports that references go file by file by file
and this to the point where I'm like
I can use tooling to make it go faster, but oftentimes I just don't do it by hand
It's something about it. It's soothing
I need things like that. It's because all the work is so like
Thinking so much thinking so it feels good to like get something done without having to think at all
Yeah, we can just kind of turn off for a bit. Yeah, I like it. Yeah
Okay, sometimes as we're recording now, I think about how Chris makes these like he
When he edits chris the editor
He makes these chapters that are like all the things we discuss
And I just started imagining the chapters for the episode we're talking about like oh geez
There's gonna be like 15 on this one and they're just all over the place
Not coherent at all
Entropy but not yeah, I mean that actually sounds very good
If it was just those but I'm afraid there were a lot of other things
Yeah, it's always a good one sure
I think it was fun. It's always fun. That's the thing about this is like
This podcast is just set up to succeed because we can do this every week for the rest of our lives
It's just true
It's uh, I mean I am seeing more feedback on twitter. That's been
Yeah, people are listening. We have people listening. You're not alone out there
There's aliens and there are other people listening to this podcast
You're not alone
Some of them might be aliens. Oh, yeah, possibly. Okay. We should probably go cool. See it. All right. See it